Update Encryption for 10.8 (#3751)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/occ_commands/core_commands/encryption_commands.adoc

`encryption:fix-encrypted-version` fixes the encrypted version of files, if the encrypted file(s) are not downloadable, for a given user.

> Background: the `oc_filecache` database table contains the integer columns "version" and "encryptedVersion" which start with 1 and are incremented on every file modification. When using encryption, those values are used together with the ciphertext to generate a cryptographic signature for the file. Conversely the version value is required to verify the signature. In some very rare cases like timeouts or bugs ect, the value might not get updated accordingly or lost thus requiring to bruteforce the version with the `fix:encrypted:version` command until the file can be decrypted. Starting with ownCloud 10.8 the behavior of the command got improved so that the encryptedVersion value is reset to it's original value if no correct version was found. Before that fix, the last tried value was stored in the database thus modifying the state of the system and making further rescue attempts non-deterministic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Background: the `oc_filecache` database table contains the integer columns "version" and "encryptedVersion" which start with 1 and are incremented on every file modification. When using encryption, those values are used together with the ciphertext to generate a cryptographic signature for the file. The version value is required to verify the signature. In some very rare cases like timeouts or bugs etc, the value might not get updated accordingly or get lost. The brute-force approach is to use the `fix:encrypted:version` command until the file can be decrypted. Starting with ownCloud 10.8, the behavior of the command got improved so that the encryptedVersion value is reset to its original value if no correct version was found. Before that fix, the last tried value was stored in the database thus modifying the state of the system and making further rescue attempts non-deterministic.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I fail to see what exactly my expectation should be, so that the introductory use of "Conversely" would prepare me to learn the opposite.
I see nothing counterintuitive here, the use of "Conversely" is puzzling.

Reviewer: Yep, it's gone.
